---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "signoz_alert Data Source - SigNoz"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches an alert from Signoz using its ID. The ID can be found in the URL of the alert in the Signoz UI.
---

# signoz_alert (Data Source)

Fetches an alert from Signoz using its ID. The ID can be found in the URL of the alert in the Signoz UI.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "signoz_alert" "example" {
  id = "5"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the alert.

### Read-Only

- `alert` (String) Name of the alert.
- `alert_type` (String) Type of the alert. Possible values are: METRIC_BASED_ALERT, LOGS_BASED_ALERT, TRACES_BASED_ALERT, and EXCEPTIONS_BASED_ALERT.
- `broadcast_to_all` (Boolean, Deprecated) Whether to broadcast the alert to all the alert channels.
- `condition` (String) Condition of the alert.
- `description` (String) Description of the alert.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether the alert is disabled.
- `eval_window` (String) Evaluation window of the alert.
- `evaluation` (String) Evaluation configuration of the alert as JSON.
- `frequency` (String) Frequency of the alert.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels of the alert. Severity is a required label.
- `notification_settings` (Attributes) Notification settings for the alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_settings))
- `preferred_channels` (List of String) List of preferred channels of the alert. This is a noop if BroadcastToAll is true.
- `rule_type` (String) Type of the Alert Rule for threshold. Possible values are: threshold_rule and promql_rule.
- `schema_version` (String) Schema version of the alert.
- `severity` (String) Severity of the alert.
- `source` (String) Source URL of the alert.
- `state` (String) State of the alert. Possible values are: inactive, firing, pending, and disabled.
- `summary` (String) Summary of the alert.
- `version` (String) Version of the alert.

<a id="nestedatt--notification_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_settings`

Read-Only:

- `group_by` (List of String) Group by labels for notification.
- `renotify` (Attributes) Renotify settings for the alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_settings--renotify))
- `use_policy` (Boolean) Whether to use notification policy.

<a id="nestedatt--notification_settings--renotify"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_settings.renotify`

Read-Only:

- `alert_states` (List of String) Alert states for renotify.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether renotify is enabled.
- `interval` (String) Interval for renotify.
